the mangroves are very much slave to the
tides when it's high tide in the the
waters in like now the best way of
getting around is in a boat means you'd
have to slog through all that mud and
you can recover an awful lot more
distance let's see what we can find
after a full day of scanning the foliage
we found our prize my stunning snake is
hanging out way up in the branches but
how am I gonna get it down it's gonna
take a little nerve to show him to you
all right I'm just gonna get up there
and see if I can grab it
problem is I just need one more hand
I'm on there little fella oh okay
well that was one of the hardest snake
catches I've ever had but it was well
worth it because this is the master of
the mangroves the mangrove cat snake the
reason this is called a cat snake is the
eyes it's a dark eye with a slit shape
pupil very much like a cat's eye it is
utterly utterly gorgeous I think one of
the prettiest snakes on the planet look
at those bright bright yurid colors
black against bright bright yellow it
seems crazy that I something like this
could actually be camouflaged in this
environment but if Johnny gets a shot of
these palms here as the light comes down
through those you get black slats of
shadow in between yellow slats of these
illuminated by the Sun and actually this
snake blends in beautifully you can see
wraps around my arm there and as it was
up in the tree curled around that branch
that this snake is absolutely brilliant
holding itself in the trees and the
branches and the twigs and that's where
it does its hunting they'll feed on
small birds and lizards all kinds of
wonderful creatures are at the mercy of
this awesome awesome little snake the
venom of the mangrove cat snake isn't
particularly strong it's not harmful to
humans but it does work very very fast
on its prey
you